adds changelogs (#497)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-chai-matchers.md

This plugin adds zkSync-specific capabilities to the [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/) assertion library for testing smart contracts. It extends all the functionalities supported by the [hardhat-chai-matchers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers/docs/overview) plugin, with the idea to preserve the same behavior and interface.
Currently, it is used in combination with [local testing environment](./testing.md).

[Changelog](https://github.com/matter-labs/hardhat-zksync/blob/main/packages/hardhat-zksync-chai-matchers/CHANGELOG.md)

::: info

> Since responses from transactions that revert are highly dependent on the RPC implementation, all [hardhat](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers/docs/overview) chai matchers that start with revert have been affected (but without any changes to the chai matchers interface). In addition, the options argument from changeEtherBalance/changeEtherBalances has been extended with the overrides field in order to support zksync-web3 transfer method with overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since responses from transactions that revert are highly dependent on the RPC implementation, all [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers/docs/overview) chai matchers that start with revert have been affected (without any changes to the chai matchers interface). 
- In addition, the `options` argument from `changeEtherBalance`/`changeEtherBalances` now includes the `overrides` field in order to support `zksync-web3` transfer methods with overrides.
```
